the short answer to that is yes a longer answer is it depends on the on
the situation of course ships are meant to be a C. in a move a lot
so depend on the requirements of the command and demands for the mission
is that they're they're set to meet you may be at what's called
river city which the CO sets down all outside communication outside
of of mission necessary calls so your email is your Facebook saw that
kind of stuff would work even the phones are shut down but typically
why you're out to sea your statement you have access to email you
may be allowed to get off Facebook and that's kind of answer seals
discretion and your phone calls